# Business ERP Solution/Product/POS/Company Management

Business ERP Solution/Product/POS/Company Management is an awesome
business application, complete web solution to manage your business
smartly. Business ERP solutions not only help you to manage your
business but also you can completely keep track your sales, inventory,
expenses, and purchase module with good historical and reporting data.
It has a number of built-in reports to manage stock, payments, expenses,
purchases, item bar code, employee attendance, etc.

There are plenty of interesting features that will definitely boost your
business up. Those features are going to make your work so easily and
give you ultimate control over your entire business.

Update your stock information, make purchases and view sales data from
anywhere whether in the office, at home, in the warehouse, or on the go.
All you need to access this a device with internet connection.

Business ERP Solution/Product/POS/Company Management is a .NET
Core/jQuery-based web application that allows you to manage your sales,
expense, purchase and inventory from anywhere.

![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh1.png)

# Core Feature

## Sales

Superfast invoice generation and print invoices with multiple options
will definitely add another dimension to your business. Also, you can
instantly share invoices through email instantly.

## Inventory ## 

Fully integrated inventory module with this application. You can add,
edit and manage your inventory item super easily. You can check every
item's transaction history. All items have a dynamic barcode tag.

## POS 

Point Of Sale (POS) module has been integrated with this application.
You can easily sell your items and generate invoices so quickly.

## Expense

Company all-expense you can manage using this application. Have multiple
reports to track company expenses properly.

## Purchase

You can track all of your purchase histories using this application so
quickly. This module automatically adjusts the newly added items into
your inventory. Have multiple reports to visualize the entire purchase
module.

## Dashboard

With Overview & Best Seller Pie Chart, Latest Nine (Invoice Today,
Invoice Monthly, Sales Today, Sales Monthly, Total Item, Total Item
Quantity, Low Items, Out of Stock, Due Invoice) items summary.

## Item Variations

Create different sizes, categories, or any attributes you define for
your items. You can track inventory down to the variation and even have
different prices per variation.

## Item modifiers

Modify inventory item, customer invoice easily. Choose add-ons to dishes
or how they're prepared in one click.

## Reports

Get comprehensive insights into your business with 20+ detailed reports
designed for you. Overview & item stock, product quantity and damage
item, general profit and/or loss report, sales, purchases, customer,
suppliers and staff user reports.

## Currency Exchange

Easily accept any Currency Denomination While making a Sale or Return.

## Barcode Label Printing

Easily create barcode labels for your products when they arrive in your
store or on-demand.

## Payment Type

Credit Card, EBT/EBT Processing, Cash, Check, Gift cards you can define
your own custom payment methods.

## Serial Numbers

You can now manage items with serial numbers, relation with barcode and
optionally you can also assign different prices depending on the serial
number.

## Custom Receipts

Easily customize your receipts to match what you need for your business.
There are 5 different configuration options for making your receipts how
you want them.

## Inventory history

Gain insights into the flow of your inventory by viewing the adjustment
log.

## Admin LTE Theme

Use the excellent and responsive theme in a low ambient light
environment to reduce eyestrain. It provides a range of responsive,
reusable, and commonly used components.

## People 

Manager, staff users, billers (selling companies), customers, suppliers
and employee.

## Settings

Easily manage the app with settings for logo, categories, variants,
currencies, custom page access, and identity option.

## Much more 

User login history, user management, email configuration, nice UI.

## Technical Features

1.  ASP.NET Core 5.0

2.  EF Core code first

3.  Identity Core

4.  MSSQL/MySQL

5.  Partial page update CRUD operation

6.  Razor and jQuery for FE

7.  jQuery DataTable for faster data load

8.  Sweet Alert2 and Toaster notification

9.  select2 dropdown

10. ASP.NET Core MVC Architecture

11. Swagger for API documentation

12. Dependency Injection

13. Standard Naming conventions

14. JWT Token Based Authentication and Claim Based Authorization

15. All Methods are Async/Await

16. CORS Settings

17. Docker Support

## Technologies

Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2019 or later, ASP.NET Core 5.0,
Identity Core, Entity Framework Code First, MSSQL SERVER 2017/MySQL,
AdminLTE 3.0.5, JavaScript, jQuery data table, bootstrap 4, sweetalert,
toastr, Fontawesome etc.

## Prerequisite Application

Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2019 or later, .Net Core 5.0, MS SQL
SERVER 2017/MySQL, IIS, Chrome/Edge Browser.

## How to run this Project

## Step 1:

Unzip the downloaded zip folder (BusinessERP.zip)

![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh2.png)

## Step 2:

Open BusinessERP.sln file with Visual Studio 2019/2022\
![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh3.png)

![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh4.png)

## Step 3:

Update database connection: appsettings.json

“DefaultConnection”: “Server=DEVSTATION\\\\MSSQLSERVER2017; Database=
BusinessERP;User ID=sa;Password=dev123456”

Server=Your MSSQL Server Name

User ID= Your MSSQL Server User Name

Password= Your MSSQL Server User Password

![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh5.png)

## Step 4:

No need to create new migration rule and update database. You just need
to build and run the application. Already initial migration rule
included with project. Please make sure MS SQL server running properly.

![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh6.png)

## Step 5:

5.1: Build application by pressing f6

5.2: Run application by pressing f5

<https://localhost:5001/>

## Swagger:
## <http://localhost:5000/swagger/index.html>

Initially in the SQL server, relevant tables and data will be created in
the database dynamically as code first approach.

## Step 6:

# Browse full application
![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh7.png)

![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh8.png)

Summary Report:\
![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh9.png)

Product Wise Sale Report\
![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh12.png)

Print Barcode\
![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh10.png)

Print Barcode\
![App Screenshot](https://github.com/shahedbd/Business-ERP-Solution-Product-POS-Company-Management/blob/main/resource/sh11.png)

## Demo Video Preview
## <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj1n5o6eX6w>

## App Screenshot:

<https://photos.app.goo.gl/sjTxR13cKXSPMgFC9>

## DB Migration: 

Tools--&gt; Nuget Package Manager--&gt; Package Manager Console

PM&gt; add-migration initcreate

PM&gt; update-database

## Check .Net Version:

Press Windows + R.

Type cmd.

On the command prompt, type dotnet --version

<br />

# Supports:

If you want to modify or add new features, or any technical issues you
have faced during installation you can always contact us at,
<shahedbddev@gmail.com>

Cell: +8801674411603

Skype: shahedatomap\


![https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdHAVwuNUtfqZRFVI6qf7mg](https://cdn.emojidex.com/emoji/seal/YouTube.png "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdHAVwuNUtfqZRFVI6qf7mg")